There are many methods for factoring
tromials. When a tromial has the form
x^2 + b x + c, it's also said to have a
lead coefficient of one. This is because
the coefficient of the term with the
highest power is 1. When factoring a
tromial in this form, the first thing
you have to do is make sure the terms
are placed in descending exponential
order. This means that you should start
with the highest power, then descend
from there. Our final answer will have
two sets of parentheses with x as the
first term in each since that is the
only way to end up with
x^2. Determining the other term in each
set of parenthesis requires some work.
Since the constant term is pos8, we need
to find factors of 18 or pairs of
numbers we can multiply to get 18. To
determine which pair of factors works,
we need to look at the middle term.
Since the middle term is 9x, we need
factors of 18 that add to 9. Since 3 and
6 multiply to 18 and add to 9, we can
try them as the values to fill the
blanks in the parenthesis. Now, let's
multiply them out to check. It works.
You can always check your answer to a
factoring problem by multiplying and
simplifying.